c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\ImageReSizeWebRole.dll.config
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\ImageReSizeWebRole.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\ImageReSizeWebRole.pdb
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\HelperClass.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\MonAgentListener.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\HelperClass.pdb
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.xml
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.pdb
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\obj\Debug\ImageReSizeWebRole.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\obj\Debug\ImageReSizeWebRole.dll
c:\users\swaroop.padala\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\obj\Debug\ImageReSizeWebRole.pdb
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\obj\Debug\ImageReSizeWebRole.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\obj\Debug\ImageReSizeWebRole.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\obj\Debug\ImageReSizeWebRole.pdb
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\ImageReSizeWebRole.dll.config
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\ImageReSizeWebRole.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\ImageReSizeWebRole.pdb
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\HelperClass.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Owin.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\System.Spatial.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\MonAgentListener.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\HelperClass.pdb
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.xml
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.pdb
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\System.Spatial.xml
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\obj\Debug\ImageReSizeWebRole.Migrations.initialsdatabase.resources
D:\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\obj\Debug\ImageReSizeWebRole.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\ImageReSizeWebRole.dll.config
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\ImageReSizeWebRole.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\ImageReSizeWebRole.pdb
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\EntityFramework.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\HelperClass.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Owin.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\System.Spatial.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\WebGrease.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\MonAgentListener.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\HelperClass.pdb
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.xml
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.pdb
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\System.Spatial.xml
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\EntityFramework.xml
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\obj\Debug\ImageReSizeWebRole.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\obj\Debug\ImageReSizeWebRole.Migrations.initialsdatabase.resources
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\obj\Debug\ImageReSizeWebRole.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\obj\Debug\ImageReSizeWebRole.dll
\\RCV02\Users\Public\AzureSampleProject\AzureCloudServiceImageProcessing\ImageReSizeWebRole\obj\Debug\ImageReSizeWebRole.pdb
